📝 Clarify the need for `mix_stderr` when accessing the output of `stderr` in tests (#1045)
fastapi/typer: docs/tutorial/testing.md

/// tip

> **Checking for output sent to standard error?** Make sure your `CliRunner` instance is created with the `mix_stderr=False` argument. You need this to be able to access `result.stderr` in tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You could also check output sent to "standard error" (`stderr`) instead of "standard output" (`stdout`). To do so, make sure your `CliRunner` instance is created with the `mix_stderr=False` argument. You need this setting to be able to access `result.stderr` in tests.
```
